crashplan/README.md, before:

# Docker Container for CrashPlan Pro

[CrashPlan](https://www.crashplan.com/en-us/) is a paid cloud backup solution. This
[Docker container](https://github.com/jlesage/docker-crashplan-pro) emulates the GUI of the CrashPlan application via
 VNC. So, you can access it via your web browser.

## Preparations

First, we need to prepare some things before we can actually start the Docker container.

### Create Volumes

Create the volumes to store the configurations and dummy storage:

``` bash
sudo docker volume create crashplan_config
sudo docker volume create crashplan_storage
```

Check if they got created with:

``` bash
sudo docker volume ls
```

### Edit the env-file

1. Copy the `example.env` file and name it `.env`:

    ``` bash
    cp example.env .env
    ```

1. Open `.env`:

    ``` bash
    vim .env
    ```

1. Check [here](https://hub.docker.com/r/jlesage/crashplan-pro/tags) if there is a new version available. If there is a
   new version available, change the `VERSION` variable to that version.

1. Adjust the maximum RAM allocation for CrashPlan with the `MAX_RAM_ALLOCATION`. I use 32 GB because my server has 64
   GB installed.

1. Enter the path of the folder you want to backup to `BACKUP_LOCATION`.

In case you want to multiple backup folders, you need to add additional volumes of the type `bind` in the
`docker-compose.yml`. However, I recommend using it in combination with [Borg](https://www.borgbackup.org/).
You find a quick installation guide [here](https://docs.lazymedia.net/data-management/borg/).

## Run docker-compose File

Finally, start the docker container with:

``` bash
docker-compose -d -p crashplan up
```

Commit message:

specify distributions for link to guide

crashplan/README.md, after:

# Docker Container for CrashPlan Pro

[CrashPlan](https://www.crashplan.com/en-us/) is a paid cloud backup solution. This
[Docker container](https://github.com/jlesage/docker-crashplan-pro) emulates the GUI of the CrashPlan application via
 VNC. So, you can access it via your web browser.

## Preparations

First, we need to prepare some things before we can actually start the Docker container.

### Create Volumes

Create the volumes to store the configurations and dummy storage:

``` bash
sudo docker volume create crashplan_config
sudo docker volume create crashplan_storage
```

Check if they got created with:

``` bash
sudo docker volume ls
```

### Edit the env-file

1. Copy the `example.env` file and name it `.env`:

    ``` bash
    cp example.env .env
    ```

1. Open `.env`:

    ``` bash
    vim .env
    ```

1. Check [here](https://hub.docker.com/r/jlesage/crashplan-pro/tags) if there is a new version available. If there is a
   new version available, change the `VERSION` variable to that version.

1. Adjust the maximum RAM allocation for CrashPlan with the `MAX_RAM_ALLOCATION`. I use 32 GB because my server has 64
   GB installed.

1. Enter the path of the folder you want to backup to `BACKUP_LOCATION`.

In case you want to multiple backup folders, you need to add additional volumes of the type `bind` in the
`docker-compose.yml`. However, I recommend using it in combination with [Borg](https://www.borgbackup.org/).
You find a quick installation guide for Ubuntu- and Arch-based distributions
[here](https://docs.lazymedia.net/data-management/borg/).

## Run docker-compose File

Finally, start the docker container with:

``` bash
docker-compose -d -p crashplan up
```
